All right, now let's automate this job using GitHub, WebEx.
So go to your GitHub repository, click settings, and then click Webhook and then add Webhook.
The payload URL will be the URL of the Jenkins.
So go back to your Jenkins and go to Dashboard and whatever URL you get in the dashboard, just copy
that and in the payload URL just past that.
And then at the end you have to add GitHub, dash, webhook, slash.
This part is important.
If you don't give this GitHub dash webhook or the front slash, it will give an error.
And then in the content type, select application's less JSON and you have option to send just the push
event, send me everything or you can select individual events for this demo.
We are just going to send the push events click add webhook.
Now, this is the one part where GitHub is going to send to Jenkins.
Now, in the Jenkins, you have to go and tell to trigger the job if it receives the webhook.
So to do that, we go back to our run CFD zero one job.
Click Configure and under build triggers.
Select GitHub Hook Trigger for Git ACM pulling.
Alternatively, you can also pull steam in a pre-defined cron schedule that will check the GitHub repository
periodically.
But the most DevOps way of doing things is to kick this automatically as soon as you receive the webhook.
All right.
So if the job.
Now what we are going to do is change the Jenkins file and push the changes and that should trigger
this Jenkins job without us submitting it manually.
I'm going to edit the Jenkins file.
In addition to printing out the content of the cloud formation file, we're also running this Cloud
Formation Command, which is going to create a stack with the name S3 Bucket and run our cloud formation.
And we are running this in US West to region.
Scroll down for me.
Changes that set that should fire our Jenkins job.
As we could see, number two got submitted automatically without us clicking build now.
All right, it completed successfully.
I'm going to click that console output.
So now it shows the content of the file as well as it submitted this cloud formation stack.
And this is the name of the stack.
So let's go to our console and find out this stack, the topmost cloud formation stack, S3 bucket is
what we submitted.
Create complete.
Let's go to output.
So it's showing the name of the bucket as S3 bucket.
All right, folks, for this lecture, we learned how to integrate your GitHub repository with Jenkins
jobs, both manually as well as automatically.
That's it for this one.
Join me in the next lecture.